[COMSUP-103] Document system origins (#856)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/templates/system_origins_callout.md

<Callout type="info">

>   {{ PRODUCT }} may create origins that aren't listed in your provided configuration settings, whether in the {{ PORTAL }} or `{{ CONFIG_FILE }}`. [Learn more about system-defined origins.](/guides/basics/hostnames_and_origins#system-defined-origins)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your initial CDN-as-code deployment will generate system-defined origin configurations alongside those defined within your `{{ CONFIG_FILE }}`. [Learn more about system-defined origins.](/guides/basics/hostnames_and_origins#system-defined-origins)
```
